Mr. Cheng's money is here
Manager Gao, why is he here?
Cheng is always the supreme VIP of our trip.
Black gold card can be unsecured loan 5 million
on-demand
Manager Gao didn't expect you to come in person
This is Mr. Cheng's arrangement.
I didn't expect you to think of it when you were in the hospital
So the land this time?
I'm going to win.
Liu Yaoyang
I can give you one last chance.
Exit now
I won't lose too badly Zhang Feng
I'll tell you what.
I'm going to book the school land
You only 5 million cash
Today, we rely on your hard power.
Go to my car and get all the money out
What is Liu doing?
So much crap wherever I tell you to go
Liu Shao has the courage
Today, I will accompany you to the end